fix: frog_user cookie should also be checked; otherwise login won't work correctly for new sessions (#380)
wevm/frog: .changeset/cyan-rabbits-join.md

> ---
> "frog": minor
> ---
> 
> Read frog_user cookie to prevent session logout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"frog": patch
---

Fixed an issue with session logouts by reading `frog_user` cookie.
```
